Sylla Rill was woken up by a cry and roar she wasn't sure wasn't part of a
dream, followed by loud clatter and the sound of someone tripping outside on
the Temple's steps.

She clutched herself and wailed in remembered pain.

_Remembered? No._

That was the strongest and clearest Vision she'd ever experienced. She had to
tell Master Skywalker.

She quickly went in the fresher to splash some water on her lekku; it always
helped her wake up faster. To fix the Vision in her mind, she entered a light
meditation for a minute. There was a persistent warning from the Force, but
given what she had just Seen, it was understandable.

She strode out, barely looking around herself as she went — it was _very_ early
and the chances of meeting anyone were nil.

Her tent was closest to the Temple, and Master Skywalker's was farthest,
perched on the highest point of the soft incline leading from the building to
the cliff and the sea. He was always surrounded by grass; Senator Organa had
once explained, on visit, that Master Skywalker had grown up on a desert
planet, with no greenery and little water, and that this was his way of coping,
even after all the years. Sylla could barely imagine it, and she had grown up
on the driest habitable part of Ryloth!

She was set to stride right past Ben's tent when something caught the edge of
her vision. _That's odd_, she thought as she turned her head, _I don't remember
his tent being so low..._

Of course, she was also pretty sure it wasn't meant to look like an explosion
had gone off inside.

She stood blinking for a moment, then recalled a part of her Vision:

_"He tried to kill me!"_

No, it was impossible. But she still needed to look inside and determine if
anyone was under the rubble. She sent a small prayer to the Force that she
wouldn't find Ben's crushed corpse.

Levitating rocks was a first-month exercise.

Levitating rocks when tired or not properly woken up was also a first-month
exercise, thanks to Master Skywalker's impossible schedule.

Keeping the rocks floating under stress was a third-month exercise.

She let it all drop for about half a metre before catching it when she saw the
unmistakable mechanical hand of her teacher gleaming under the moonlight,
poking out from under more of the rocks.

Sylla shifted the rocks aside, checked the ground was clear, then let the whole
lot fall as she rushed towards the prosthetic. Which was attached to an arm.
Which was attached to Master Skywalker, unconscious, battered, a mask of
surprise gracing his features.

She felt in the Force and sighed in relief: he was alive.

She carefully levitated more rocks to clear the path, making sure to keep the
ones that were laying on Skywalker alone: if something had broken or he had
internal bleeding, moving them could be a very bad idea.

When she had moved all that she thought she safely could, she tried to wake him
up. Gently, with a tiny nudge along the faint Force bond he had with all his
students. It wasn't a full apprentice bond like they read about in the texts,
so she couldn't do much more, really.

It was still enough. Master Skywalker jumped out of the rocks he was trapped
under, so fast some of them flew at Sylla. She eeped, surprised, and batted
them away. "Ben!" Skywalker shouted, then looked around wildly before his eyes
rested on Sylla, confused.

"Sylla? What are you doing here?"

"I came to find you," she began. "I have had a Vision and I needed to tell you
of it. I happened upon Ben's tent and stopped to search..."

"Ben!" Master Skywalker interrupted, hurriedly. "Do you know where he is? Have
you seen him?"

He was extracting himself from what rubble he hadn't thrown away, a little more
carefully this time, and checking his mechanical hand's motion at the same
time, and dusting his robe off, and talking to her at the same time. It was a
bit distracting, and she had been his student for _years_.

"I saw him in the Vision, he—" she shuddered, recalling the horrible horrible
pain that had ended it. "He said you had, well, I think. It didn't make
_sense_! But. He said you had... tried to kill him."

Master Skywalker's face stilled.

"And then he—" she tried to speak, but found she couldn't. She closed her eyes
and released her emotions into the Force. Then, she continued in a detached
voice. "He spoke of someone who told him I, or we, wouldn't believe him. Given
his state of dress," her teacher looked curious, so she clarified, "he was
dirty and his robe had cuts, Ser, much like yours right now. Only more dusty.
Given his state of dress and of mind, I assumed he had had a traumatic dream,
much as we all do sometimes. So I attempted to soothe him with the Force,
gently, like you taught us."

Skywalker nodded in encouragement, but looked grave.

"He... didn't seem to take that well." She hadn't realised, in the Vision, but
looking at it a second time like this, it was obvious. Ben had reacted _to_ the
Force, as she applied it. "He turned on me and, and."

She prepared to release more of the emotions into the Force, but before she
could, she felt herself calm down and an older, kind presence seemed to
surround her. She opened her eyes to find her teacher smiling at her slightly,
sending calm along their proto-bond.

Sylla gathered herself, and finished: "In the Vision, he... murdered me."

"He wouldn't, though, right?" she asked in a small voice. "It's Ben."

"I fear," started Skywalker, "that the Vision may have been a true warning."

She felt her eyes widen.

"He wouldn't!" she pleaded. "Ben would never— he's the sweetest of us all.
Grey, sure, like most. Born after it all ended. He's never had to know... to
live through..."

"I know, Sylla," he comforted. "The Ben we know would never do this. But I fear
that he may have been corrupted. Come."

He started to walk towards the Temple, in long strides, and she hurried at his
side. She looked forward, at the shadow it cast against the night sky, at the
reflections of moonlight in its tall windows. At its foot, her own tent was
clearly visible, light spilling out of it. In her hurry she must have forgotten
to turn it off, or even to close the door.

As they approached, echoes of shouts made their ways to them. Master Skywalker
stilled, and Sylla felt him enhance his hearing with the Force, but she hadn't
yet learned the skill, so she simply waited, and watched him. His visage grew
even more stilted, eyes widening, skin paling.

"Stay here," he ordered, and took a step up the Temple stairs, then stopped,
and turned back. "No. Run to the hangar, take whatever you're most comfortable
with." He threw her a small metallic cube from a pocket. "Use my keycodes.
Something that can jump to hyperspace. I will join you... but if I am not there
in a half hour, take off and jump to D'Qar. The coordinates are in all
navicomps. You'll find my sister there."

"What? No." What was happening? "I should—"

"You'll go, Sylla Rill. Ben... needs his family. I'll contact Leia."

_When?!_ she wanted to ask. _What is happening?_

He pushed her gently away, before turning back to the Temple. Sylla only
hesitated a moment before going where she was told. She had no preference, but
boarded the same shuttle she had done her pilot training in. After half an
hour, she convinced herself to wait just a little more. After forty minutes,
she took off carefully, rose to orbit, and prepared the jump. She looked down
at the Temple, seeing flickers of light, but nothing more, at that altitude.

The Force was quiet, almost waiting.

She pushed the hyperspace lever down, held on as the stars blurred, and...

--------------

Sylla Rill was woken up by a cry and roar she wasn't sure wasn't part of a
dream, followed by loud clatter and the sound of someone tripping outside on
the Temple's steps.

_What._
