{{Sylla}} {{Rill}} was woken up by a cry and roar she wasn't sure wasn't part
of a dream, followed by loud clatter and the sound of someone tripping outside
on the Temple's steps.

_What._

She wasted no time and just jumped out and... tripped over the person sprawled
all over the Temple steps.

_Curses. I forgot about—_

"{{Ben}}? What are you doing here?" she asked while picking herself up.

She noticed a lot more, now that she wasn't so surprised. His robe was shredded
in places, but in one place along his front, it was a sharp thin long hole
instead, with the edges slightly curled outwards. A lightsabre melt, like one
acquired during practice. His eyes, brown-black usually, had specks of a
lighter colour flashing in and out within them. He looked both scared and
furious, right now in these short moments taken completely by surprise.

Taking a step back, she could see his robe was of lighter cloth than they all
wore for training and day to day. A nightrobe, then.

_Black, as well? Does he actually own any other colour?_

And within its folds, an arm gripping something... his sabre, thumb still on
the switch, controls pushed up to the maximum. This was not a training blade at
the moment. This was the weapon that had... in the Vision... but Visions didn't
_hurt_ like this, did they?

She palmed her own lightsabre, and, keeping her eyes on {{Ben}} {{Solo}}, who
was still picking himself up the floor, slowly pushed the controls higher and
higher until they butted against the endstop and she noticed she was straining
against the weapon in her grip. She was angry, but she didn't care. {{Ben}},
not the sweet boy she knew, but this {{Ben}}, this monster, would murder her,
and {{Ben}} would murder Master {{Skywalker}}, that's why he hadn't come back
in the second Vision. She had Seen it.

{{Sylla}} decided to take care of the problem here and now.

She strode up to the boy, who was turned off away from her, looking at the
Temple. As she took the step that would bring her in range, as she started her
swing, she activated her blade.

{{Ben}} {{Solo}} had no chance.

His torso wasn't cleanly cut in two, though, as {{Sylla}}'s own sabre was a
shorter length than the practice blade she used in {{Soresu}} class, and she
hadn't compensated. Both his heart and spine were bisected, and his body fell
awkwardly, his once-pretty face smashing itself on the pavement.

She stood there, with a mute satisfaction, for all of two seconds before it all
caught up back to her.

_What have I done?_ she despaired, and she took a shaky step back, and she
retched, doubling over. In her shock, she dropped her shields, blasting horror
and confusion and, although she tried denying it, a hint of smugness at a job
well done, to all her surroundings.

She felt {{Ben}}'s fading consciousness and his terror at his impending doom,
and she felt Master {{Skywalker}} — unconscious, in pain — and she felt a death
ring out in the Force, right next to her. And she felt a wrenching in the
fabric of the world, and she

--------------

Woke up in sweat and horror, her shields still in disarray, as outside there
was a loud clatter and rumble and the sound of feet running towards the Temple.
