Sylla woke up in sweat and horror, her shields still in disarray, as outside
there was a loud clatter and rumble and the sound of feet running towards the
Temple.

She could feel a strong presence, a dark presence, right outside her door. She
knew who it was. She didn't know how this was possible, even with the Force,
even with Visions, time travel or waking up over and over and over... it just
wasn't possible.

But it was. And it was happening to her.

_I'm not anyone important. I'm not... Master Skywalker, or even **a**
Skywalker. Why would the Force even care about me?_

She could feel a sense of chiding, almost as if the Force was saying It cared
about all beings, not just one family above all others. Well. That may be, but
she wished she could have passed on _these_ shenanigans.

As it was, she had no idea what to do. She certainly wasn't going out, this
time. She had no intention of meeting... him. She could still feel the echoes
of his surprise and death in the Force. Except... it wasn't echoes, was it? It
hadn't happened... yet... this time. Just a memory.

Sylla tried to enter a meditation, but she was still shaking. She needed to get
her shields under control, though. The dark presence outside had moved on,
deeper inside the Temple, but it would do little good if she continued casting
out such a strong presence like a beacon in the night.

She got up and ran through a warm-up kata. If resting meditation was out of the
question, perhaps moving meditation would help. She moved her bed and things
out of the way, double locked the door and shoved her lightsabre into the
controls, blocking it. If she wanted to get out, she could cut her way through.
And the damage wouldn't be there when she next woke up.

She assumed the position for Form I, first kata, with her blade set to training
mode. She imagined Master Skywalker at her side, leading the group through the
kata. Sabre up, a foot forward, strike smoothly downwards as she brought the
other foot up, curve the movement back up as she stabilised, then guard up,
block and parry her imaginary opponent, step back, push slightly, and... back
in starting position.

_"And start again from the top,"_ the Master Skywalker in her mind instructed.

Forwards, push, backwards, parry, block, forwards, backwards, forwards,
backwards, push, block, push, block, push, get back...

_Enough._

Sylla wasn't broadcasting erratically anymore, but her shields were still
non-existent. She moved into the next kata. And the next. And the next.

When she brought the last of all sixteen Form I katas to a close, she was
relaxed and felt more confident than... well, a few hours ago in real time, but
more like a day in her perception. Many wakings ago. Her shields looked solid,
perhaps even stronger than she had them usually. No wonder, with what had
happened.

She hadn't pushed her emotions into the void of the Force, but she didn't need
to now. She was taking her situation perhaps a bit too calmly, with a sense of
detachment. She felt both guilty and relieved of that.

_Now what?_

Well, there was the problem of this waking nightmare. When faced with an
impossible situation, what to do? Observe, predict, experiment, be bold, be
prepared to run like hell. Oh, Master Skywalker had better words for it, and
tried to impart lessons that were a bit more, um, Jedi-like, but that was what
it usually boiled down to.

Observe: dying caused her to wake up. Killing B— the bastard in anger caused
her to wake up. Leaving the planet... or perhaps it was because Master
Skywalker had killed B— the bastard? Sylla hadn't really been around to figure
it out, at the time.

Speaking of which: it had been... she glanced at the chrono. Two hours since
waking up. And she hadn't woken up again, which meant B— _the bastard_ was
still alive. She reached out carefully until she found the angry ball of
emotions and darkness and then swiftly retreated. According to her internal map
of the Temple, which wasn't very good, but she knew where classrooms and
training rooms were, roughly... he was in the dining hall?

Well. Even hangry people needed food.

Hmm. Predict: surviving the day would let her escape this.

That didn't quite cover why she woke up when she offed the bastard (it was
getting easier to refer to... the bastard... like that), but she would take it.

Experiment: staying around wasn't a very good idea. The bastard was clearly
unhinged, and homicidal, and had that whole 'if you're against me then you die'
bullshit going on. However, so far it had only been a problem when he _met_
people. Master Skywalker. Her. No-one else awake right now. Although — she
glanced at the chrono again, annoyed with herself for forgetting the time in
the few minutes it had been since she did — people would start waking up soon
enough.

Be bold: Get out of here, take a shuttle, raise the alarm. Wait. No, that would
just alert the bastard. Go door to door and warn people. But what if the
bastard came back in the meantime?

_You're not very good at this be bold thing, are you?_ a part of herself said.

Be prepared to run like hell: Get out, take a shuttle, bring the shuttle to the
tent field, land in front of the bastard's tent, lift up the rocks, load up
Master Skywalker, go round all the other tents with the ship, warn people and
get them on board, lift off, leave the bastard where he is, job done.

Right then. Sylla got going.

To her credit, it didn't go awry _immediately_.

Cutting a hole in her door was almost fun, if you didn't count the persistent
paranoïa that made her shut off her sabre at the smallest noise out of place.
Catching the falling door piece with the Force was less fun, but not very hard.

Selecting a shuttle was not as straightforward as she'd thought. She didn't
know nearly enough about ships to figure out which was the quietest. She also
couldn't take the one she had flown before, as it only had a capacity of 6
beings, 8 in a squeeze. There were fifteen students (not counting herself)
studying at the Temple, plus Master Skywalker, minus the bastard, minus two who
were currently away. None of the other teachers were here, either. Lor San
Tekka was traveling. So she picked the newest of the slightly-larger shuttles.
New had to mean quieter, right?

Now that she knew where he was and in what shape, she lifted all the rocks and
debris in the way at once, but did not wake Master Skywalker up. He would just
go off and off the bastard, and as satisfying as that would be... not something
she could afford. So she simply floated him into a cabin.

Then she went to see Drace, an older Miraluka who Sylla was the closest with,
of all the students.

Waking him up was easy. Convincing him to come with was not. She tried pointing
him to the bastard's presence; still loud, and still dark.

"I can see a dark presence, yes, and very strong. But I cannot say whether that
is young Ben" Sylla flinched "or someone else. From here, it seems more likely
to be someone else. Although..." he trailed off, turning towards her.

"Although what?" she asked.

"Your Force presence has also changed," he said finally. "More than it should
have in less than a day. Your shields are strong. Very strong. But your
presence is not... this is odd." He tilted his head and looked at her with eyes
unseeing.

She was used to his mode of vision, but this, in the present context, was
somewhat unnerving.

"Odd?" she tried to keep her anxiety out of her voice.

_A loosing battle, when conversing with Force users, really._

But if Drace noticed, he didn't comment on it.

"It feels sharper. Not in that it is more defined, but in that it feels...
spiky. It is a very odd feeling."

"Okay. I have a spiky soul. Metal."

She took a breath, the urgency of the situation coming back to her.

"Look, trust me, we do not want that dark Force presence to come anywhere near,
whether you believe that is the bas— um. Ben. Or some other entity." She
released some residual anger to the Force before continuing. "So: how about we
get onto the shuttle, and be prepared to get the hell out of here like Master
always says."

Drace paused, during which time Sylla stared, hushed, in wait and hope.

"It does sound like a reasonable precaution," he allowed finally.

And he turned back into his tent to pack lightly, and equip his lightsabres.
She hoped.

She powered on the repulsors, lifted up the shuttle as soon as Drace stepped on
board, then shifted them twenty metres to the next tent. This one looked more
like a hut than hers and the others', which made sense, having been there the
longest and all.

This was the newcomers' hut. Built first, but with bunk beds and very little
space for one's own stuff. It was temporary accommodation for all new students
until they were proficient enough in the Force that they could go through their
first challenge: building their own.

Tents were built with the help of the Force, although for safety reasons they
had to be structurally sound without it, too. Later, everyone gradually
transformed their habitat into something more permanent and comfortable.
Lifting and assembling timber and cloth was alright. Lifting, assembling, and
holding in your head the model of a complex arrangement of stone, durasteel,
duracrete, furniture, fixings, and all your possessions was much harder. If you
were lucky, the result was even waterproof.

Currently, there was a single person in the newcomers' hut: Pritik, humanoid
with spindly limbs. Pritik's species had a name for themselves, but it was
almost entirely clicks and hisses and none of Sylla's classmates had managed to
replicate it. Pritik himself wasn't sure they could, as they lacked some vocal
organ he had. Sylla suspected Lor San Tekka would be able to, simply because he
could speak and understand more languages than most protocol droids.

(A rather large amount of light-years away, a very distinctive droid felt the
need to check their circuits after a bout of _completely impossible_ sneezing.)

Sylla knocked on the outside door, but didn't wait before letting herself in.
The hut was laid out so there were several rooms before the sleeping space,
which were also occasionally used as a common space outside of the Temple by
all students. She knew if Pritik was resting right now (which was likely, at
this time of the night) he would not have heard her knocking on the outside. 

"Pritik?" she called into the sleeping quarters.

"Krt k'chylla ssiim, adatak." was the reply.

_Er._

"Pritik? It's me, Sylla." she tried again, a bit more urgently.

"Sylla? I'ck essss- oh. Sorry."

There was a pause followed by some shuffling, and Pritik's boyish face popped
out as the door slid open with a pneumatic hiss.

He was shorter than she was, but given his age and Humanoid physiology she
expected him to shoot up in a few years. For now, she enjoyed being taller than
at least one person here.

Pritik swayed in place, clearly tired, and his eyes roamed the room looking for
a chrono. He finally settled on a datapad on the lounge table.

"Why are we up at sixth hour?" he asked.

"There's a darksider in the Temple and I'm gathering everyone in a shuttle so
we can be together and not individually caught by surprise by someone with...
potentially murderous intentions."

That ought to cover it.

Pritik's eyes widened, but all he said was:

"Okay."

"Okay?" she repeated. Her lekku showed her surprise, although Pritik couldn't
read them.

What Sylla hadn't considered was that Pritik was as junior as students came,
and herself was pretty senior. Like, not first students ever, but pretty soon
after that first group. Additionally, he was _young_, still a teenager. To him,
the Twi'lek was both an adult and an upperclassbeing. In the old Jedi Order,
she would have been a Senior Padawan and him an Initiate, and as far as he was
concerned it was just part of the natural order of things to _do as they say_.

"Yeah. Can I take some things or do we have to go right now?" he gestured
behind him.

"No, you— er. Yes, you can take your things." she said awkwardly.

She stacked the datapads lying around while he packed. They might be useful.

Then she led Pritik outside and onto the shuttle. Drace was waiting, and showed
the youngster around while Sylla lifted up and moved the shuttle two sites
over.

(Two sites, because one was empty at the moment. Tobi'anocra, the only other
Twi'lek in this Order, was off to Ryloth to visit family. Despite his
insistence she use his shorter name, she always felt uncomfortable as his
family was of a much higher standing than hers, back on Ryloth. It might not
matter here, or to him, but her entire childhood had instilled tough habits to
break. She had at least managed to stop bowing her head every time.)

Mahl was a relatively new face, but he was very talented, despite having very
little Force presence even as a beginner. He was the fastest to move away from
the communal hut, raising his own a mere month and tenday after his arrival.
Sylla remembers taking bets about how long it would take for it to fall over.
It hadn't.

Everybody knew of Mahl, because everybody knew of everybody else in their tiny
community, but very few _knew_ him. It might even be none. He never talked
about himself, preferring to talk to others about themselves or anything else,
really.

When Sylla knocked on his door, she was surprised it opened swiftly. She was
even more surprised to see Mahl dressed up in robes. There was no light inside
the hut, so had he been waiting for her in darkness...?

"Uh, hi" she started.

"You're not exactly subtle with that shuttle," said Mahl without preamble.
"Gathering people up, are you?"

"Yes, I. How did you know— wait, no matter. I think there's a darksider in the
Temple, and I'm just gathering everyone up for possible evac?"

_Why do I sound unsure? That_ is _what I'm doing._

Mahl hummed for a moment.

"You're not going to confront this... darksider?" he asked, with a blank face.

_I've tried that._ But she couldn't say that, of course.

"Once we've got everyone, maybe, but not before. Stronger together, right?" she
explained, referring to a principle they were taught early on.

"Ah." He sounded strangely pleased. "I'm afraid I can't let you do that, then."

"What?" Sylla startled at the non sequitur.

"You see," and his posture shifted, his voice becoming smooth, "Ben is on a
mission from our Lord, and I cannot" he brought his lightsabre up "let you
interfere." and lit it, the violent red splashing into the night.

Only instinct saved Sylla from the blade arcing down to meet her, and she
brought her own to bear in the next movement. The ensuing fight was ferocious,
nothing like anything she'd ever experienced. She cried out for help while
barely holding her own against an underhanded swipe, then jumped back as Mahl
lunged, dipping into the acrobatic style out of practice more than conscious
thought.

Two blades of cool blue and one of violet lit up behind Mahl, and he turned,
snarling. But Pritik didn't yet have his own saber, only a practice blade, and
both Mahl and Sylla knew that.

"No!" she yelled, pushing forward towards Mahl, who was airborne, blood red
blade back and then swinging towards the terrified Pritik. Their lightsabres
clashed in purple sparks, and for a moment Sylla thought it would hold, that
she could reach them, but then the weaker blade exploded, its cells overloaded,
Pritik's life screaming bleeding into the Force.

---

She woke up in despair and bewilderment, her last movement carried out despite
not being _there_ anymore, and she leaped off, got tangled in her own duvet,
and landed in a mess at the foot of her bed. Outside, there was a loud clatter
and rumble and the sound of feet running towards the Temple.

