{{Sylla}} woke up in despair and bewilderment, her last movement carried out
despite not being back there, in the fight, anymore, and she leaped off, got
tangled in her own duvet, and landed in a mess at the foot of her bed. Outside,
there was a loud clatter and rumble and the sound of Ben running towards her.

Well, towards the Temple, which she happened to be closest to.

_{{Mahl}} is a darksider?! Hels, {{Mahl}} is a darksider following the orders
of the same person {{Ben}} is? That... that changes everything._

While he hadn't said much, {{Mahl}} had revealed a lot during their brief
exchange.

Firstly, that there was a mastermind out there. The jumbled up fragments
{{Ben}} blurted and repeated outside before entering the Temple hinted at it,
but this was direct and incontroversible proof.

Secondly, that Mahl had been planted there, inside the {{org.newjedi}}, by this
mastermind. That person therefore knew where the Temple was, how to get there,
the identity of every being involved, and most likely their current
capabilities in all that was taught and practiced at the Temple. Furthermore,
they had a way of communicating that did not register as Dark or suspicious for
any of the highly sensitive Force users here, nor the less sensitive ones.

On that note, {{Mahl}} clearly was capable of cloaking his darkness. While some
had slipped through during the fight, likely because there would have been no
point restraining himself at that point, none had ever slipped during any of
the training or day to day events for the past several months. That was
alarming for several other reasons, but {{Sylla}} decided to focus on the
current set of revelations first.

The third thing {{Mahl}} had revealed was that {{Ben}} was "on a mission for
our Lord." While Master {{Skywalker}} may (he had been vague, and {{Sylla}}
wasn't sure what to think of all that anyway) have attacked Ben in the first
place, {{Ben}} had clearly violently responded, although it did look like
self-defense, especially as Master {{Skywalker}} wasn't dead. Unless that was
part of the mission. It was tough trying to reason about things with very
limited information.

But in any case, {{Ben}} was on a mission. A mission had parameters. One of
these was "acceptable losses". It was a tough part of strategy classes that
this parameter was very rarely _zero_. In {{Ben}}'s mission, zero didn't seem
to even be close. {{Sylla}} had either been an acceptable loss or part of the
mission.

She felt an absurd pleasure knowing that the loop reset if {{Ben}} exercised
this leeway in his mission parametres, or did anything towards the completion
of his goal in the latter case, ensuring he never got to finish his mission. He
might not know it, but he would fail. Every. Single. Time.

_Wait, where did that come from?_ she wondered. _"The loop resets every time
{{Ben}} kills?" Do I know that?_

She knew that if she died, the loop reset. If {{Ben}} died, ditto. If
{{Pritik}} died, it ended also. She suspected but did not know for sure that if
Master {{Skywalker}} died, the loop would reset.

But she didn't know about any of the others.

Perhaps she should find out.

That was one thing to explore. Another was Mahl's darkness, abilities, and
mission. Especially, his ability to conceal his darkness at all times – or
almost. That was interesting for two reasons.

_No, three,_ she realised with creeping horror. _If one darksider is able to
inflitrate us and remain undetected, why not two? Or more?_

Alright, that was an unsettling thought. But one thing at a time. Reason one:
it meant darkness could be hidden. That was obviously a worry, even without
considering the possibility of more darksider inflitrators. She would have to
figure out if it was possible to defeat this, or at least detect the shielding
itself.

Reason two: if the dark could be hidden, so in turn could the light. Not just
strong shields, but truly disappearing into the Force: that was something
merely hinted at in the few old texts they could access, a feat of few Masters.
A skill lost. It would be a tremendous help to be able to do so, and beyond her
immediate situation, a great achievement.

And she had a practitioner of the skill right there.

_Of course, he's not going to just teach me._

Ah well. She wouldn't want him to, anyway. The very thought disturbed her;
likely because he'd just attempted — perhaps succeeded — to murder her and her
friends.

For some reason, that bothered her less than _{{Ben}}_ doing so. She knew
{{Ben}}. Distantly, but she did. And... he was a {{Solo}}. He was an
{{Organa}}. She had grown up hearing stories, of heroes, of adventures. Of
rescuers. {{Ryloth}} might not be part of the {{org.newrep}}, but it remembered
its liberators and defenders through the ages, and not all of them had names of
{{tw.lang}}. {{Sylla}}'s homeworld was not {{Ryloth}}, and still the stories
were told. Master {{Skywalker}} was a name that resonated strongly, even after
the {{org.empire}}, even after all this time, even beyond generations. Culture
was powerful, and culture bound all.

({{tw.people}} culture had always been a mix, especially outside {{Ryloth}}.
Before its invasion and subsequent appropriation at the hands of Imperials,
{{Ryloth}} {{tw.people}} culture had considered itself purer than offshoots,
and there remained some of that in the clans that survived. The elites. Purer,
perhaps, but poorer for it: where _{{tw.diaspora}}_, the {{tw.people}}
diaspora, had the legends of _{{tt.trickster}}_, the {{tt.adj}} trickster, and
the tales of hidden lovers with the {{md.adj}} _{{md.rainbow}}_, to guide their
acts and hearts in times of strife, the refugees of {{Ryloth}} only had
themselves. For many, too many, it was woefully unprepared they stepped into a
world where other beings, not _{{tw.ash}}_ storms nor _{{tw.volcano}}_
rumblers, were the most dangerous hostiles. Those that survived, learned. Those
that learned, survived.)

_Back on track. Let's figure this out. I can't actually just go out and take
out friends or classmates to see whether it would reset the loop._

For one thing, it was completely against her morals and ethics, even if dying
was impermanent at the moment. It would just be... wrong. For another, it would
show her the wrong thing: she wanted to know if or who {{Ben}} could dispatch
without resetting, not who _she_ could.

_Although, if I'm not able to deal with {{Mahl}}, it's going to complicate
things. Assuming I actually can take him on._

To make plans, then.

Predict: {{Ben}} killing anyone would reset the loop.

Experiment: She could just stand aside and watch, but... could she? Would she
be able to stay back and not defend a fellow student if they were attacked?

Well then. Predict: {{Ben}} killing another darksider would _not_ reset the
loop.

Experiment: Still a bit shady on the ethical side, but also {{Mahl}} fucking
deserved it after (before?) killing her friend. The issue was that {{Sylla}}
had no idea how to cause a confrontation and have {{Ben}} off {{Mahl}}. They
were allies, right?

Predict: {{Mahl}} and {{Ben}} aren't the only darksiders around.

Experiment: That's... straightforward enough. Just knock on every door,
determine if the person within is a darksider, next. Determine how?

Be bold: Just straight ask them. _It's not like they're going to be honest with
you, girl, what?_ But, well, why not? Obviously don't ask them if they're dark.
Tell them about {{Ben}}, but make it sound like _she_ was the one on a mission,
a mission that would derail theirs. Leave them to fill the gaps by themselves.
If necessary, mention this so-called Lord. Provoke them into attacking her.

Be prepared to run like hell: keep a lightsaber handy. Get a blaster from the
armoury. And if nothing else works, reset the loop.

How? {{Sylla}} got a terrifying idea, but dismissed it. _No. Not like that._
She'd figure it out.

"Let's do this thing," she spoke out loud.

She couldn't hear anything outside her door, and there was no close presence in
the Force. So {{Ben}} had moved on towards the centre of the Temple. That was
fine with her. She needed to get weaponry.

The armoury, the real one, not the training one, was next to the hangar. She
cast herself out a bit, feeling for immediate danger, but not risking alerting
anyone who might be awake and listening. Then she took her cloak, stepped out,
and jogged silently on the same route she took on the previous iteration.

Despite {{Mahl}}'s snarky comment, she knew how to be silent. She'd needed to,
once upon a time, and New Jedi training only improved those skills. Being
silent in the Force, though, that was another kettle of {{skorfin}}. Master
{{Skywalker}} used it to cheat, er, to improve his tactical advantage, and the
newly-discovered darksider obviously knew another technique. As it was,
{{Sylla}} only could quiet her mind, tighten her shields, and practice one of
the simplest ways to focus one's Force presence in a controlled manner:
consciously leaking it in one direction. In her case, down. It wasn't perfect,
by far, but it would put off casual scanning. At this juncture, it would have
to be enough.

The armoury was eerily silent, and much to her relief, undisturbed. It was bad
enough having murderous maniacs running around without them also being armed
with heavy rifles. Speaking of... Helloooo, StarAnvil. The rare blaster was
normally off-limits, due to being, well, irreplaceable. _I guess that's one
good thing out of this whole loop thing: can't damage it permanently!_

She lifted it reverently and checked it before slinging it. Then she picked a
couple of bog standard Westars, or more likely generic versions that worked
just as well for a fraction of the cost, and absent-mindedly slipped a hold-out
and a vibroknife in her boots. Apart from the heavy, a very typical kit.

_Time to hunt._

The first decision of the night was whether to go get {{Mahl}}, as a known
variable, or avoid him entirely and focus on others. {{Sylla}} reasoned that
while her stated goal was checking for other darksiders, a secondary goal was
seeing if offing them was safe, loop-wise. _Offing or capturing or putting out
of commission,_ she reminded herself. She wasn't a cold-blooded killer.

So she made her quiet way to the fourth tent and hit the doorbell, then calmed
her mind to feel, outwardly at least, like a friend. {{Mahl}} didn't
immediately answer, but she could sense his usual presence inside moving
around, presumably getting up. That was interesting: he was asleep, then, and
not watching through the Force or anything. That could be good news for stealth
in the future.

When the door opened, she didn't hesitate and fired four consecutive shots at
point blank range with the StarAnvil. The human didn't really stand a chance.
He was hurled back through the habitat, catching on a table which sent his body
flying, hitting the back wall with a thud and a squelch. _I thought you said
you weren't a cold-blooded killer?_ a part of {{Sylla}} snidely remarked. _Shut
up, he started it,_ she replied.

"...Force, I'm speaking to myself," she voiced.

She waited a moment. That had not been quiet, even though the blaster itself
was of excellent make and had produced mostly light, not sound. Perhaps aiming
differently next time would reduce the amount of furniture that would get
impacted and thrown around. The darksider was dead and gone to the beyond, and
the loop had not reset! Well. Good. Onto other things.

She stepped aside, palmed the controls to close the door, and fried the
controls so they couldn't be activated again. One down. Five she could skip,
including her own. Nine huts to go. She hoped none of them housed another
darksider.

She walked at sedate pace to the next one, as the few minutes it took were a
good time to calm herself down — despite having done relatively little, her
adrenaline had spiked — and let the cannon cool down. The next hut housed Vsan
Toor, and they had extra senses. During tactics practice, Sylla had observed
reactions that only really made sense if the Kel Dor could feel heat at a
distance, even through duracrete, although she had never confirmed it. Better
to take the precaution.

They weren't friends, but Toor liked her. None of the students here (with the
exception of Ben, she would have thought, before) were unfamiliar with strife.
In the red-skinned Dorian, that manifested as ruthlessness paired with quick
reflexes, that made them a very good ally to have in unfamiliar terrain, or a
terror to have as an enemy. She _really hoped_ them wasn't a darksider.
Fighting them would be a nightmare.

She hit the buzzer. Knocking would do nothing: the Kel Dor had an interior
controlled atmosphere behind an airlock beyond a small reception space, and
sound would not carry through. Inside, Toor could live and sleep without their
mask, which they otherwise never removed, but of course no-one else could share
nor even enter their quarters — although some species might be able to with a
rebreather, provided their skin would not corrode in the presence of the Antiox
gas.

(Master Skywalker had simply stepped in unbothered and unharmed, because the
laws of physics apparently did not apply to Master Skywalker. She'd asked, Toor
had asked, most everyone had asked, but he'd only smiled and said something
overly cryptic.)

"You're up early, Rill. Anything I may do for you?" Vsan Toor inquired, voice
gruff and leaning against the doorjamb.

"Toor. There's a darksider in the temple. Want to join me in hunting it down?"

The Twi'lek indicated vaguely with a casual head tilt and a lilt of her lekku.

Toor's skin folds did something complicated that she understood as being
consideration or skepticism or slight surprise. She would have held her breath
if that hadn't had the possibility of giving away the game.

"Let me guess: Skywalker trial?"

_Probably not dark, then._ she thought with relief.

Outwardly, she quirked her lips. The Kel Dor took that as confirmation.

"I'll pass, then."

_Most probably not dark, or at least not Ben-allied._

They took a step back into their hut, but couldn't resist to give some advice:
"Just don't fail and you'll be fine."

Sylla smirked, and answered truthfully: "Couldn't if I tried."

"Alright. No need to be overconfident, though," they chided as they closed the
door, waving her off. "Trials are no joke."

_Don't I know it,_ she thought wryly, turning away. _Don't I know it._
