Sylla woke up in despair and bewilderment, her last movement carried out
despite not being back there, in the fight, anymore, and she leaped off, got
tangled in her own duvet, and landed in a mess at the foot of her bed. Outside,
there was a loud clatter and rumble and the sound of Ben running towards her.

Well, towards the Temple, which she happened to be closest to.

_Mahl is a darksider?! Hels, Mahl is a darksider following the orders of the
same person Ben is? That... that changes everything._

While he hadn't said much, Mahl had revealed a lot during their brief exchange.

Firstly, that there was a mastermind out there. The jumbled up fragments Ben
blurted and repeated outside before entering the Temple hinted at it, but this
was direct and incontroversible proof.

Secondly, that Mahl had been planted there, inside the New Jedi Order, by this
mastermind. That person therefore knew where the Temple was, how to get there,
the identity of every being involved, and most likely their current
capabilities in all that was taught and practiced at the Temple. Furthermore,
they had a way of communicating that did not register as Dark or suspicious for
any of the highly sensitive Force users here, nor the less sensitive ones.

On that note, Mahl clearly was capable of cloaking his darkness. While some had
slipped through during the fight, likely because there would have been no point
restraining himself at that point, none had ever slipped during any of the
training or day to day events for the past several months. That was alarming
for several other reasons, but Sylla decided to focus on the current set of
revelations first.

The third thing Mahl had revealed was that Ben was "on a mission for our Lord."
While Master Skywalker may (he had been vague, and Sylla wasn't sure what to
think of all that anyway) have attacked Ben in the first place, Ben had clearly
violently responded, although it did look like self-defense, especially as
Master Skywalker wasn't dead. Unless that was part of the mission. It was tough
trying to reason about things with very limited information.

But in any case, Ben was on a mission. A mission had parametres. One of these
was "acceptable losses". It was a tough part of strategy classes that this
parametre was very rarely _zero_. In Ben's mission, zero didn't seem to even be
close. Sylla had either been an acceptable loss or part of the mission.

She felt an absurd pleasure knowing that the loop reset if Ben exercised this
leeway in his mission parametres, or did anything towards the completion of his
goal in the latter case, ensuring he never got to finish his mission. He might
not know it, but he would fail. Every. Single. Time.

_Wait, where did that come from?_ she wondered. _"The loop resets every time
Ben kills?" Do I know that?_

She knew that if she died, the loop reset. If Ben died, ditto. If Pritik died,
it ended also. She suspected but did not know for sure that if Master Skywalker
died, the loop would reset.

But she didn't know about any of the others.

Perhaps she should find out.

That was one thing to explore. Another was Mahl's darkness, abilities, and
mission. Especially, his ability to conceal his darkness at all times â€“ or
almost. That was interesting for two reasons.

_No, three,_ she realised with creeping horror. _If one darksider is able to
inflitrate us and remain undetected, why not two? Or more?_

Alright, that was an unsettling thought. But one thing at a time. Reason one:
it meant darkness could be hidden. That was obviously a worry, even without
considering the possibility of more darksider inflitrators. She would have to
figure out if it was possible to defeat this, or at least detect the shielding
itself.

Reason two: if the dark could be hidden, so in turn could the light. Not
just strong shields, but truly disappearing into the Force: that was something
merely hinted at in the few old texts they could access, a feat of few Masters.
It would be a tremendous help to be able to do so.
