She woke up frustrated and angry at herself, at {{Ben}}, at {{Devasha}} and
{{Treyude}}. Outside her door a boy tripped in the dark, and she didn't care.
Sighing, she sat up, pondering what she should do this time.

Well, she'd observed several interesting things: two fellow students talking
with {{Ben}}, without him turning violent _immediately_ as he'd done with her.
Furthermore, from the previous time when she'd done her katas as moving
meditation, she'd stayed in her hut for quite a while, and while she hadn't
been focused outward, she was pretty sure nobody else had stepped by. The
building had other entrances, but it felt like a good guess that both
{{Devasha}} and {{Treyude}} were waiting for {{Ben}}, in some sort of midnight
meeting.

Which was odd, right? It didn't really match the other facts, that {{Ben}} had
come rushing to the Temple after being attacked out of nowhere by his uncle,
likely because the boy was Falling, or a traitor, or both. How did a
pre-arranged clandestine meeting fit? For that matter, how did that fit with
his being in another student's quarters' security records just hours prior?

So that was one thing to investigate. Yet {{Refe}} felt more pressing. Probably
because {{Sylla}} knew her classmate was injured _right now_. And the
{{el.people}} had to have seen something, and clearly wasn't allied with
whoever had attacked her. If she got her to Deefive right away, there might be
a chance to wake her up before anything happened to reset the world again, and
she could gain precious information that happened _before_ the reset point.

About that. There was a party, the night before. Here, rested, while she was
still upset and, if she was being honest with herself, still shocked, or in
shock, at everything... she could recall a bit more of it. She should meditate
on it, a Force meditation focused on the memories, to fix them in her mind.

It takes her less than a minute to sink halfway into the Force. If it's an
ocean, she's up to her midsection, not enough to float in, but enough for it to
be hard to move around. She approaches the pillar she uses to represent her
memory, huge, round, covered in scratches and markers and drawings. She spares
a thought for the real one, still out there on {{Coruscant}}, and wonders if
she'll ever see it again.

The party... {{Sylla}} doesn't recall any special occasion, so there must not
have been one. Perhaps someone had thrown something together after a
particularly grueling trial. It would be the middle of the tenday if they were
following any kind of regular work schedule, but with so few of them and so
many different cultures, especially as they were all adults or thereabout,
everyone just kinda self-directed and did whatever worked. No particular
schedule, apart from planned lectures, and all but one of the Masters were
away. Master {{Skywalker}} didn't do _planning_.

She'd come back to her rooms to set down her pads after a study session, and
that had been after being told by... {{Nuquierissan}}. Along with everyone else
in the vicinity. It hadn't been told to her personally, just ~~shouted~~ spoken
at, well, {{Nuquierissan}} volumes in the room.

Someone had set an open fire. The night hadn't been cold, not for her, but heat
perception varied. She guessed it was more because it was the done thing, an
open fire to rally around, or to sit next to. It kept insects away, in any
case.

It had been less of a party, now that she thought about it, and more of an
extended hang out. People came and went. Master {{Skywalker}} had peeked in at
some point. {{Drace}} had talked about a project a bit, seeking feedback.
{{Pritik}} had flittered about. {{Mahl}} was there, but somewhere else most of
the time. _Where?_ Not anywhere her mind could recall. Peering carefully at her
memories, she caught a glimpse of the human darksider leaving in the general
direction of his hut. Alone. Ambling, not in a hurry.

Around the end of the night, she'd gotten into a conversation with {{Devasha}}
about false-similarity of flora between planets, after idly wondering if a
particular grassy plant around the camp would be edible, given its high
resemblance to yellow corleaf on {{Rodia}}.

When she comes out of trance, {{Sylla}} feels refreshed and more sure she won't
forget any potentially important details she doesn't know to look for yet in
her memories of the night.

There's no presence outside her door, and if she strains she can feel distant
presences at the other side of the Temple building. Perhaps some planning is in
order.

It's a simple plan: get out, go get weaponry, incapacitate {{Mahl}}, get
{{Refe}} to medical, don't make any other moves or changes until {{Refe}} wakes
and can give some more details.
