{{Sylla}} woke up frustrated and angry at herself, at {{Ben}}, at {{Devasha}} and
{{Treyude}}. Outside her door a boy tripped in the dark, and she didn't care.
Sighing, she sat up, pondering what she should do this time.

She could go talk to {{Devasha}} or {{Treyude}} or both, depending where they
were. Try to figure out why they were out, awake, talking. That could bring
clues. On the other hand, there were already too many mysteries. Too many
threads. She needed to follow the ones she knew about first before uncovering
new ones. {{Refe}} was the latest and greatest. So many things didn't add up.

_Wait. More on that later. First, I need to meditate._

She desperately needed to take a metaphorical breath and _fix_ whatever
memories she still had from before this all started in her mind. Her previous
attempts at remembering details highlighted that things were fading already,
and it had only been a few dozen hours, all up.

Additionally, she needed to meditate and release the anger, fear, frustration,
grief, and various other feelings into the Force. Not completely: apathy was
very much _not_ what was needed here and now. But as much as she could, safely.

_It's going to get worse before it gets better. I need to be more grounded._

(And wasn't that in itself terrifying.)

However, to have the maximum advantage with the {{Refe}} situation, she needed
to get moving fast. The plan was therefore to do a quick meditation to anchor
memories as best she could, then to go fetch the injured {{el.people}}, and
finally, this restart if possible or the one right after if not, do a full,
deep, cleansing and refreshing dive into her mind. Self-preservation and
self-care both.

Going by what she'd experienced previously, she should have a few hours before
the reset if she did nothing and didn't die in the meantime. Granted, that was
with Mahl down, but she would take this chance. 

Sylla had tried moving meditation on one iteration before, but it had been more
of a calming and focusing exercise than an interaction with her thoughts and
the Force. This would be the first time since she got into this mess that she
would look inward and through, sideways into the fabric of this galaxy, and
back at herself, a true moment of reflection. Perhaps she should have realised
it wouldn't quite go as planned.
