Sylla woke up, and felt intensely weary of all the fighting and the death and
the failure. She got up and walked out of the door, sat besides Ben Solo, and
waited until he picked himself up and sat curiously — gingerly — next to her.

"You know," she started, "this galaxy is huge. It's so huge that it's hard to
really comprehend its scale. There are millions of worlds, that we know of.
Quadrillions, quintillions of beings all going through their lives. There's a
baker waking up and wishing his daughter and son a good day at school today.
There's a slave Twi'leki girl, one of my own brethren, who is having a slightly
better day than usual today. There's a lawyer on Coruscant talking to a
politician on Correlia about the weather. There's people on planets you haven't
even heard of doing completely ordinary things, and they do not and will never
care about things that happen here. They won't even know.

"I like to think I've got a grand purpose in life, when I feel down on myself.
When I need comfort. I'm training under one of the last Jedi in the entire
galaxy. That's gotta count for something. But the Jedi were never the only ones
who felt the Force. Nor were the Sith. It's bigger, much bigger, than a simple
conflict between those two factions. Before you came, we had a guest speaker
once. They were a Baran Do Sage. They don't believe in combat with the Force.
Or, rather, they don't have it as their focus. They still train in some
defensive uses of the Force. All traditions have their own hypocricies. This
iteration of the Jedi are perhaps a bit more open about them. We're very small,
and that helps. But we all have things we tell ourselves and things we tell
others and things that are true and they don't really all align perfectly.

"Anyway, what I'd really like to do is to watch the stars and feel the entire
sky in the Force and map it out. A starmap of the Force, if you will. That's
what I'd really like to do, when I graduate and once I've figured out how to
survive by myself. But that also feels very selfish of me. I'm a Twi'lek. My
people has been enslaved, is still being enslaved, for centuries. I represent
one of the hopes of my entire species, a hope that I'll become _Eskret'nezer_,
a liberator. I have responsibility to at least _try_. So I don't yet know what
to do. But if I survive, if I graduate, I'll have to, at some point. Being a
liberator or just watching the stars through the Force?

"And tonight that's what I'll do. You can go and do whatever it is you were
going to do. I'll be on the hill over there" — she gestured in the dark — "and
I'll be watching the stars. I've had enough of trying to be _Eskret'nezer_ for
the moment. I'll try again tomorrow."

Sylla could feel Ben Solo's confusion in the Force, but she didn't care. She
really didn't. She got up, started walking, didn't look back. She watched the
stars from atop a hill, and got to watch the sunrise. It was the most beautiful
thing she had seen in months.

---

When she woke in her room, she smiled.
