{{Sylla}} had lived in the lowest levels of {{Coruscant}} for a few months, or
almost a year perhaps. There was no starlight down there, but there was earth.
She'd gotten separated from a traveling company of young people wanting to see
the galaxy after the Empire fell, simply getting lost in an enormous spaceport
exchange. She'd gone lower to escape the crime and insecurity of the mid
levels, and she'd gone to the mid levels because that was the only place people
with no credits ended up, on that planet.

That was where Master {{Skywalker}} had found her. He rarely came to the old
Imperial Centre, where the Force was still pained, even decades later.

But the planet lived on. And beneath the city, there was earth. Force-imbued
earth. It wasn't a coincidence that the headquarters of the {{org.oldjedi}}
were on {{Coruscant}}. It wasn't a coincidence that it housed a Force spring,
or that {{Palpatine}} had kept his palace there. There was symbolism and
perversion in it, sure, but he could have done similar elsewhere, were it not
for the deep and old power of the planet itself.

{{Sylla}} had not intended to go much lower than the upper low levels. Far
enough that most of the danger passed, and no further, that was the advice
she'd received. There were _strange_ things lower down. "There's a reason we
stay up here, girl. Go down at your peril." But something had called to her.
The earth had called her to itself.

Master {{Skywalker}} had been intrigued to find the Dark dimmed around the Old
Temple. In its ruined rooms, the souls' echoes were fewer and calmer. It would
take much longer for it to be hospitable to sensitives again, but it wasn't as
oppressive anymore. It felt like progress, and it wasn't anything he'd done, or
anyone else he was in contact with.

He'd holocalled a {{Guardian}}, one of the last, who had hmmd and ahhd and been
"less than helpful."

"They also refused to come on planet to investigate closer. Stubborn and
cryptic was all I ever got!" Master {{Skywalker}} had looked most put upon
while telling the story.

{{Sylla}} was unclear how she'd actually survived. She remembered {{Coruscant}}
dirt, and she remembered hearing more than seeing the huge pillars that held up
the city, as she wandered among them, rumblings vibrating through them. She
remembered the constant glow of the planet beneath her feet, always beneath,
and the billions of lifeforms forming an ever-changing sky above. She
remembered the sky brightening and the Force clamouring, and the source of Its
joy eventually making its way towards her, one strong star among all others.

She didn't remember eating or drinking or sleeping, or much time passing at
all. But when she'd come back to the surface with Master {{Skywalker}}, the
year had turned, and her family thought her lost.
